fix: [MTM-58369] add missing release notes for UI (#1870)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/ui-c8y-10-18-376-0-do-not-translate-asset-names-in-navigator.md

---
date: 

> title: Do not translate asset names in navigator

Reviewer: Improved the consistency of displaying asset names

> title: Do not translate asset names in navigator

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Asset names translated correctly in all places
```

> title: Improved the consistency of displaying asset names

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Consistent asset names in various places of the UI
```

change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
product_area: Platform services
component:
  - value: component-0UgqXH1Ys
    label: Administration
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-51262
version: 10.18.499.4
---

> Fixed an issue with group/device names being translated when displayed in the navigator menu, while not being translated in other places such as the subassets grid or device group selector. 

Reviewer: Maybe make it clearer in which way it was fixed? I assume we fixed it by stopping translations in the navigator menu?

Author: I don't mind either way. I copied what was approved in jira as RN

> Fixed an issue with group/device names being translated when displayed in the navigator menu, while not being translated in other places such as the subassets grid or device group selector. From now on navigator items are not translated.

Reviewer: I'd be more precise: `From now on, asset names in the navigator are not translated.` (we still translate other navigator items).

Author: done
